OH, MY GOD. COME QUICK!
IT'S YOUR SISTER ANNABELLE!
NO WAY.
I want to come home.
TAKING ANNABELLE--THAT WAS
NEVER PART OF THE DEAL.
YOU ASKED ME TO GIVE YOU DATA,
TO TELL YOU WHEN WE WERE RUNNING
THE EXPERIMENT. THAT'S ALL.
THE DEAL IS WHATEVER WE SAY IT
IS. ANNABELLE IS JUST INSURANCE.
WHAT'S THAT ON HIS HAND?
(Janis) THAT LOOKS LIKE A RING.
(Simon)
A QUANTUM ENTANGLEMENT DEVICE.
I'M GABRIEL McDOW.
I TOLD YOU THAT.
I SAID--I DEFINITELY
SAID THAT ALREADY.
(Gabriel) YOU HAVE
TO REMEMBER THINGS, OLIVIA.
GABRIEL, WHY HAVE YOU
BEEN FOLLOWING ME?
YOU'RE GOING THE WRONG WAY.
THE FUTURES I SAW,
YOU'RE ALWAYS WITH LLOYD.
YOU ALL KNOW FIONA BANKS,
MI6.
(Fiona) NONE OF THEM
HAD VISIONS,
AND NOW THEY'RE ALL DEAD.
(Al) "THE BLUE HAND.
NO LIMITS. NO FEAR."
(Wedeck) A DEATH CLUB?
(Demetri) SLINGERLAND.
AM I SAYING THAT RIGHT?
IT SAYS HERE
YOU TAUGHT AMERICAN HISTORY
AT SOUTH FAIRFAX HIGH.
THE SCRIPT FOR THIS CONVERSATION
HAS ALREADY BEEN WRITTEN.
(Jeff) WHATEVER YOU'VE ALL SEEN
IS GONNA HAPPEN.
(man) Now Celia's death
was an accident, okay?
It could've happened
to anyone.
AL!
WHAT I SAW DOESN'T HAVE TO
PLAY OUT THAT WAY.
I FOUND A WAY
TO CHANGE THE GAME.
AL!
(telephone rings in distance)
YOU DO REALIZE YOU'RE WEARING
THE SAME JACKET
YOU WERE WEARING WHEN WE BROKE
GROUND ON THE ACCELERATOR.
IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
I SUPPOSE.
(chuckles)
THERE ARE NO ACCIDENTS, LLOYD.
I DETECT
SOME SUBLIMATED SENTIMENT
BUBBLING TO THE SURFACE.
THIS IS A BIG DEAL
FOR BOTH OF US.
(sighs) WE'VE BEEN WORKING
ON TACHYONS FOR 12 YEARS.
THIS IS OUR MOMENT, SIMON.
GO WITH IT.
CHEERS.
(clink)
GOD, I HOPE IT ALL WORKS.
WE'RE SIMULATING THE BIG BANG.
WHAT COULD GO WRONG?
(chuckles)
(cell phone rings)
EXCUSE ME.
SURE.
IT'S MUM.
(ring)
HELLO.
WHAT?
WHEN?
(sighs) OKAY.
UH...
IS ANNABELLE ALL RIGHT?
JUST, UH,
JUST TELL HER I'LL BE
ON THE FIRST FLIGHT HOME.
YEAH.
OKAY, YOU, TOO. BYE.
UH...
MY DAD DIED.
(woman over P.A.)
ACTIVATION IN ONE MINUTE.
(man speaks indistinctly)
(woman) ALL RIGHT.
THIS EXPERIENCE WAS DESIGNED
BY DR. CAMPOS,
WHO, UNFORTUNATELY, COULD NOT
BE WITH US ON THIS DAY
WHEN WE RECREATE
THE BEGINNING OF THE UNIVERSE.
LLOYD SIMCOE,
DR. CAMPOS' MENTOR,
THE BRAIN BEHIND THE BRAIN--
THIS IS ANGIE TREMONT
FROM THE "NEW SCIENCE REPORT."
A JOURNALIST?
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
SHE'S BEEN CLEARED.
OH, SORRY.
WE HAVE A RATHER STRICT
CONFIDENTIALITY PROTOCOL,
SO WE'RE A LITTLE WARY
OF THE PRESS.
IT'S A PLEASURE TO MEET YOU,
DR. SIMCOE.
YES.
DR. MYHILL'S BEEN TELLING ME
ALL ABOUT THE PROJECT.
YOUR CROWNING GLORY.
WELL, IT'S BEEN A TEAM EFFORT.
UH, GORDON,
THE PRELIMINARY FIRINGS
HAVE STARTED.
THE BIG MOMENT.
(telephone rings)
(indistinct conversations)
(ring)
YES?
THEY'RE READY.
(hangs up receiver)
ACTIVATION COMMENCING
IN 30 SECONDS.
INITIATE. HERE GOES NOTHING.
(accelerators power up)
OR EVERYTHING.
ACTIVATION COMMENCING
IN 20 SECONDS.
(whirring)
ACTIVATION COMMENCING
IN 10 SECONDS...
9, 8,
7, 6,
5, 4,
3, 2,
1.
(explosion)
(Olivia) HEY, HONEY.
(Charlie) GO AHEAD.
IT'S YOUR HOME, TOO.
(Aaron)
I'LL ALWAYS FIND YOU, KIDDO.
(people talking at same time)
♪♪
(accelerators powering down)
(people shouting and screaming
in distance)
(Lloyd) THE VISIONS PEOPLE HAD
ARE REALLY
ONLY JUST POSSIBLE FUTURES.
UH, THE UNIVERSE OPERATES
WITHIN CERTAIN PARAMETERS,
BUT THERE IS SOME FLEXIBILITY.
WITH ONE WEEK TILL THE 29th,
DR. SIMCOE,
WE ARE ALL STILL WONDERING
WHAT TO EXPECT.
WELL, IT'S A WELL-KNOWN PRECEPT
IN QUANTUM PHYSICS
THAT OBSERVATIONS
SHAPE REALITY.
YOU'RE SAYING
THAT SEEING OUR FUTURES
MAY, IN FACT,
CHANGE OUR FUTURES.
UH, THAT'S THE THEORY, YES.
BUT THE FUTURE DOES
HAVE A WAY OF FIGHTING BACK.
WHAT DO YOU MEAN BY THAT?
SMALL THINGS MAY CHANGE,
BUT THE FORCES OF THE UNIVERSE
MAY BE PUSHING US TOWARDS
THE FUTURES WE HAVE SEEN.
THAT'S INTERESTING.
AND WHAT ABOUT THE PEOPLE
WHO LEARNED FROM MOSAIC
THEY WERE MEANT TO DIE
BEFORE THE 29th
BUT LIVED PAST
THE FATAL EVENT?
WELL, THOSE PEOPLE ARE
THE STATISTICAL ANOMALIES
AT THE EDGE OF THE CURVE.
SHOULD YOU STILL BE WORRIED?
BECAUSE IT SOUNDS LIKE
YOU'RE SAYING
THE UNIVERSE
MAY COURSE-CORRECT,
THAT THEY MIGHT NOT HAVE
ESCAPED THEIR FATES AFTER ALL.
YES, THAT'S POSSIBLE.
SO MAYBE A BETTER WORD
FOR "COURSE-CORRECTION"
IS "DESTINY"?
WELL, I'M JUST A SCIENTIST,
I'M NOT REALLY QUALIFIED
TO ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
I'D LIKE TO WELCOME
TONIGHT'S NEXT GUEST--
CELIA QUINONES.
MS. QUINONES IS THE YOUNG WOMAN
WHOSE FUTURE WAS CHANGED
BY THE SUICIDE
OF FBI AGENT ALL GOUGH--
ONE OF DR. SIMCOE'S
"STATISTICAL ANOMALIES."
MS. QUINONES,
TAKE US THROUGH YOUR EXPERIENCE.
FIRST, I-I WOULD LIKE
TO SAY AGAIN
TO THE FAMILY
OF AGENT GOUGH
HOW... GRATEFUL
MY FAMILY AND I ARE
FOR HIS ACTIONS.
UM, IN THE FIRST WEEKS
AFTER THE BLACKOUT,
I HEARD
THAT NOT HAVING A VISION
MEANT THAT I WOULD BE DEAD
ON APRIL 29th.
THAT MUST'VE BEEN TERRIFYING
FOR YOU.
WHEN I DISCOVERED
ON THE MOSAIC WEB SITE
THAT I WOULD BE HIT BY A CAR,
I LIVED IN CONSTANT TERROR
THAT I MIGHT DIE
AT ANY MOMENT.
BUT YOU DIDN'T.
I'M SURE A LOT OF PEOPLE
HAVE QUESTIONS,
SO LET'S OPEN UP
THE PHONE LINES.
UH, MUNCIE, INDIANA,
YOU'RE ON THE AIR.
(man) This question's
for Dr. Simcoe.
Is it possible
the blackout caused
permanent brain damage
to anyone?
THERE'S NO REASON
TO BELIEVE SO.
Well, people's lives
have been ruined.
What if this happens again?
IT IS CRITICAL
THAT PEOPLE REMAIN CALM.
A-AND--AND I-I MUST REPEAT
THAT NO ONE'S BRAIN
WAS DAMAGED IN ANY WAY
BY THE BLACKOUT ITSELF.
AND LET ME REASSURE YOU
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE THAT THERE
COULD BE ANOTHER BLACKOUT.
I ALMOST BELIEVE HIM MYSELF.
YEAH, TELL ME AGAIN
WHY WE'RE NOT TELLING PEOPLE
THERE'S ANOTHER BLACKOUT COMING?
BECAUSE WE DON'T KNOW WHEN
IT'S GONNA HAPPEN.
WE TELL PEOPLE
BUT DON'T SAY WHEN?
THE WORLD WILL
TURN INTO AN ARMED CAMP.
SO, CELIA, YOU'RE CONFIDENT
THAT YOUR FUTURE HAS CHANGED?
I'M STILL HERE. (chuckles)
THE UNIVERSE SEEMS TO HAVE
A DIFFERENT PLAN FOR ME.
THANK YOU FOR JOINING US
TODAY.
ANY LAST WORDS,
DR. SIMCOE?
UH, COME THE 29th,
I BELIEVE
THAT WE WILL ALL END UP
WHERE WE'RE SUPPOSED TO BE.
"SUPPOSED TO BE"?
(woman) THANK YOU
FOR SPEAKING WITH US TODAY.
THAT DOESN'T MEAN
WE CAN'T DECIDE OUR FATE.
AFTER THE BREAK,
WE'LL BE TALKING TO...
AUTHOR OF THE AWARD-WINNING
BOOK "TEENS AND TRUTH."
SHE'S GOING TO HELP US
FIGURE HOW TO TALK ABOUT...
STOP! STOP!
THAT'S MY SISTER!
(tires screech)
(horns honking)
ANNABELLE! ANNABELLE!
STOP THERE!
ANNABELLE!
STOP, SIMON! DON'T COME
ANY CLOSER OR THEY'LL KILL ME!
WHO? WHAT?
THEY'RE WATCHING.
THEY'LL SHOOT ME.
WHAT? WHO? WHAT DO THEY WANT?
THEY SAID THEY WANT
YOU AND THE RING.
THEY GOT YOUR MESSAGE,
AND THEY'RE SENDING ONE BACK.
YOU HAVE 12 HOURS,
OR THEY'LL KILL ME.
ANNABELLE.
PLEASE, SIMON.
GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT.
THEY WERE VERY SPECIFIC.
YOU ONLY HAVE 12 HOURS
TO GIVE THEM THE RING
OR THEY WILL KILL ME.
GET IN THE CAR. JUST GO.
ANNABELLE,
I'M NOT LEAVING YOU HERE.
GET IN THE CAR.
ANNABELLE...
JUST GO! PLEASE, JUST GO!
LET'S GO. NOW.
ZAMPIERON?
TECH WIZARD EXTRAORDINAIRE?
I'LL TAKE THAT AS A "YES."
LICENSE PLATE?
YOU ARE GOOD.
WHAT I'D LIKE TO KNOW IS
WHOSE CAR THAT BELONGS TO.
YEAH. YEAH, I CAN DEFINITELY
DO THIS. SIMPLE.
JUST GOTTA RUN IT BY
THE HEAD MAN.
THAT'S THE PART OF THE PROCESS
I'D LIKE YOU TO OMIT.
HMM. NO CAN DO.
NAME YOUR PRICE.
ANYTHING?
HEY, YOU.
HEY.
HOW DO YOU ALWAYS KNOW
WHEN I'M HERE?
MM, STALKING. INTERNET.
PAID INFORMANTS.
YOU KNOW, THE USUAL.
MM-HMM.
I, UM, I BROUGHT YOU A BOOK.
IT'S ONE OF MY FAVORITES, AND IT
HELPED ME A LOT WITH MY MOM.
I WISH...
I WISH YOU'D TELL ME
WHEN YOU'RE GETTING CHEMO.
I DON'T WANT YOU
TO FEEL OBLIGATED TO COME.
IT'S NOT AN OBLIGATION.
(man speaks indistinctly)
(siren wailing)
(police radio chatter)
L.A.P.D. CALLED.
SOMEONE CLAIMING TO BE MI6
USED MY NAME TO GET ACCESS
TO A CRIME SCENE.
HELLO, DEMETRI.
YOU'RE LOOKING WELL.
YOU, TOO, FIONA.
SO, UH, I'M GUESSING YOU DIDN'T
FLY ALL THE WAY IN FROM LONDON
JUST 'CAUSE YOU MISSED ME.
NO. ANDREW WEEKS WAS SUPPOSED
TO DIE ON MARCH THE 2nd
FROM A DRUG ALLERGY,
BUT HE SURVIVED THE DATE.
HE MADE A BIG DEAL
OUT OF IT, TOO, HUH?
HIS WIFE HEARD HIM FALL,
CAME RUNNING OUT
AND FOUND HIM DEAD.
NO SIGN OF ANYONE COMING
IN OR OUT OF THE HOUSE.
IF I'M LIVING
ON BORROWED TIME,
I MIGHT AVOID
A ROOM FULL OF GUNS.
EXCEPT HE WASN'T SHOT.
HE WAS BLEEDING
FROM THE MOUTH AND NOSE,
SO FORENSICS FIELD-TESTED
HIS COFFEE.
IT SHOWED POSITIVE
FOR WARFARIN.
RAT POISON?
THAT EXPLAINS THE BLEEDING.
I DON'T GET IT.
YOU GOT A ROOM FULL OF GUNS,
AND YOU POISON A GUY. WHY?
WEEKS WAS SUPPOSED TO DIE
FROM A DRUG ALLERGY,
NOT A GUNSHOT WOUND.
I THINK THE KILLER WAS TRYING
TO GET AS CLOSE AS POSSIBLE
TO THE ORIGINAL
CAUSE OF DEATH.
THAT WAS IN HIS PAPERS.
THESE ARE DIRECTIONS
TO A BLUE HAND GATHERING.
THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
FOUR BLUE HANDERS
DEAD IN THE L.A. AREA
IN THE LAST THREE WEEKS.
EACH KNEW EXACTLY HOW AND WHEN
THEY WERE SUPPOSED TO DIE
BUT LIVED PAST
THEIR DEATH DATE.
I WAS IN ANAHEIM INVESTIGATING
WHEN I GOT WORD OF THIS ONE.
YOU REALLY THINK SOMEONE'S
TO TRYING KNOCK OFF SURVIVORS?
IT'S JUST A HUNCH.
WHAT WAS I SUPPOSED TO SAY?
"WELL, YES, THERE'S GONNA BE
ANOTHER BLACKOUT.
WELL, SORRY, WE JUST CAN'T
TELL YOU WHEN."
SO YOU SAID WHAT YOU HAD TO.
I MEAN, PEOPLE ARE TERRIFIED.
YOU GAVE 'EM HOPE.
NO, WHAT I GAVE THEM
WAS A LIE.
WHAT WOULD GIVE PEOPLE HOPE
IS IF SIMON AND I COULD CRACK
THIS Q.E.D. TECHNOLOGY.
THEN AT LEAST PEOPLE WOULDN'T
BLACK OUT IN THE FIRST PLACE.
WHAT ABOUT THAT CALLER
WHO ASKED ABOUT BRAIN DAMAGE?
I MEAN, I'VE NEVER EVEN
CONSIDERED THAT.
NO. IF THE BLACKOUT
COULD CAUSE BRAIN DAMAGE,
WE WOULD'VE PICKED UP ON IT
A LONG TIME AGO.
I KNOW HOW MUCH
THIS IS WEIGHING ON YOU.
I WISH THERE WAS SOMETHING
I COULD DO TO HELP.
OLIVIA...
YOU ALREADY ARE.
HEY.
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
YOU MAY THINK
THAT PROMISING A JUNIOR ANALYST
A WEEKEND AT THE BUNNY RANCH
WILL GET HIM TO JEOPARDIZE
HIS JOB, BUT IT WON'T.
MY SISTER RAN AWAY FROM HOME
AFTER THE BLACKOUT.
I SAW HER THIS MORNING.
SHE WAS IN A WHITE VAN
WITH THAT LICENSE PLATE.
SO YOU JUST FIGURED YOU'D HAVE
ONE OF MY AGENTS HELP YOU OUT?
I HAVE TO FIND HER.
WE RAN THE PLATE.
VAN WAS STOLEN TWO DAYS AGO
IN SAN FRANCISCO.
TRAFFIC CAM...
PICKED THIS UP.
NOW THAT'S A NICE STORY, SIMON,
BUT HOW ABOUT THE TRUTH?
YOU WANNA TELL ME
WHAT THE HELL'S GOING ON?
I WAS TRYING
TO HAVE HER COME WITH ME.
THE PEOPLE SHE'S WITH, THEY HAVE
SOME SORT OF... HOLD OVER HER.
YOU'RE LYING.
SHE DIDN'T RUN AWAY.
SHE WAS KIDNAPPED.
LOOK AT HER BODY LANGUAGE.
SHE'S TERRIFIED.
HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN
ABOUT THIS?
I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
OH, COME ON.
DON'T PLAY GAMES WITH ME.
THIS IS YOUR SISTER.
EXACTLY. MY SISTER.
THAT'S WHY I'LL DO ANYTHING
TO FIND HER.
THAT'S WHAT I'M AFRAID OF.
SOMEONE KNOWS
YOU FEEL THIS WAY,
THEY'LL USE IT AGAINST YOU
AS LEVERAGE.
AND CONSIDERING WHAT YOU KNOW,
I'D SAY THEY COULD GET A LOT.
ARE YOU SUGGESTING
I'VE BEEN COMPROMISED?
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT YOU'VE BEEN,
BUT I DO KNOW ONE THING--
YOU'VE BEEN LYING.
AND NOW YOU'VE PUT
THE ENTIRE MOSAIC INVESTIGATION
IN JEOPARDY.
(clicks mouse button)
(Lloyd) WHAT DO YOU THINK?
SOMETHING
IN THE RING'S STRUCTURE
HAS TO BE MAINTAINING
SUPERPOSITION.
IT'S KEEPING PEOPLE AWAKE--
BUT HOW?
YOU'RE NOT EVEN LISTENING.
"MAINTAINING SUPERPOSITION"
WAS WHAT YOU SAID,
AND I HAVE NO IDEA.
WELL, DO YOU WANT TO FOCUS
A LITTLE?
WE'VE DONE ENOUGH DAMAGE. MAYBE
WE CAN PUT SOMETHING RIGHT.
LOOK, JUST BECAUSE YOU FEEL
GUILTY ABOUT LYING ON THE NEWS
AND WANT TO SAVE THE WORLD
DOESN'T MEAN THAT WE CAN
ACTUALLY MAKE IT HAPPEN.
YES, WE CAN, AND IT'S NOT
ABOUT FEELING GUILTY.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NO, IT'S ABOUT PREVENTING
MORE DEATHS.
OH, IT'S ALL
LLOYD SIMCOE'S FAULT,
AND NOW HE CAN SAVE THE DAY.
IT'S A LITTLE MESSIANIC,
DON'T YOU THINK?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
OH, MILLIONS OF DEATHS.
(keypad beeps, door whirs)
IT'S AN OVERWHELMING CONCEPT.
NUMBERS LIKE THAT--
YOU LOSE TRACK OF INDIVIDUALS.
THEY FALL THROUGH THE CRACKS.
(beeps, whirs)
A SINGLE PERSON
DOESN'T EVEN MATTER.
OKAY, NOW YOU'RE LOSING ME.
MY SISTER.
ANNABELLE? SO WHAT ARE YOU
TALKING ABOUT?
SHE'S BEEN KIDNAPPED.
WHEN?
A FEW DAYS
AFTER THE BLACKOUT.
WHY WOULD ANYONE KIDNAP
YOUR SISTER?
I HAVE NO IDEA.
WHAT DO THE POLICE SAY?
WELL, THE FBI ARE ON IT.
THERE'S NOTHING MORE I CAN DO.
WELL, WHY DIDN'T YOU TELL ME?
I WOULD'VE HELPED.
OH, YEAH? HOW?
W-WELL, I DON'T KNOW,
BUT I-I--
NOW I JUST FEEL USELESS.
WELL IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU, LLOYD.
I HAD TO DEAL WITH THE SITUATION
AS BEST I COULD FOR ANNABELLE.
NOW I'M SORRY I DIDN'T
KEEP YOU IN THE LOOP.
I'VE BEEN KINDA BUSY.
WHY WOULD HE HIDE THE FACT
THAT HIS SISTER WAS KIDNAPPED?
THE POLYGRAPH'S INCONCLUSIVE.
YOU REALLY THINK
HE'S COMPROMISED?
THERE'S NOTHING CONCRETE,
BUT... (sighs)
LOOK, MARK, I DON'T LIKE THIS
SITUATION ANY MORE THAN YOU DO,
BUT WE NEED SIMON.
WE'LL LOOK FOR HIS SISTER.
FIND HER, AND FIND OUT
WHAT THEY WANT FROM HIM.
(school bell rings)
(Demetri) I NEVER THOUGHT WE'D
BE TALKING TO THIS GUY AGAIN.
EVERYONE, NEXT WEEK'S READING...
SCHOPENHAUER.
(indistinct conversations)
MR. SLINGERLAND?
AGENT NOH.
I'M SO GLAD
TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
THIS IS INSPECTOR BANKS.
I REMEMBER YOU, TOO.
MR. SLINGERLAND.
WHAT'S GOING ON?
DO YOU RECOGNIZE THIS MAN?
YEAH, THAT'S ANDREW.
ANDY WEEKS.
I REMEMBER SEEING HIM
AT THE BLUE HAND GATHERINGS.
THAT WAS A WHILE AGO. I'M NOT
REALLY INTO THAT ANYMORE.
WHY DO YOU ASK?
HE'S DEAD.
HOW?
MURDERED.
OOH. (exhales deeply)
POOR ANDY.
UH...
GUESS HE THOUGHT
HE WAS IN THE CLEAR.
BUT I SUPPOSE THE UNIVERSE
HAS TO, UH, BALANCE ITSELF.
EXCUSE ME?
LIFE IS ENERGY, YOU SEE.
AS EACH NEW LIFE BEGINS,
ANOTHER ENDS.
AND IF YOU MESS
WITH THAT BALANCE,
THE UNIVERSE PUSHES BACK.
ANDY WAS A GOOD GUY. I'M SORRY.
WE NEED YOU TO PUT TOGETHER
A LIST OF THE BLUE HANDERS
WHO KNEW MR. WEEKS.
CAN YOU DO THAT FOR US?
BE HAPPY TO.
AND YOU MIGHT WANT
TO BE CAREFUL.
WE THINK SOMEONE'S
KILLING THE PEOPLE
THAT LIVED PAST
THEIR DEATH DATES--
PEOPLE LIKE YOU.
SO YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO GO ON TELEVISION
AND ANNOUNCE IT TO THE WORLD?
JUST WATCH YOU BACK,
IS WHAT WE'RE SAYING.
I WILL, AGENT NOH.
(Bryce) GABRIEL'S BLOOD WORK
CAME BACK.
SO BESIDES HIS FEET,
EVERYTHING SEEMS OKAY.
THE LEFT FOOT LOOKS GOOD.
HIS RIGHT STILL LOOKS
PRETTY BAD.
OKAY, WELL, LET'S FINISH UP
THE ANTIBIOTICS,
AND WE'LL REEVALUATE TOMORROW.
OKAY.
(woman over P.A.)
ORDERLIES TO ADMITTING.
WHERE'S CHARLIE?
HEY, YOU!
CHARLIE'S AT SCHOOL.
WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
UH, OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY,
WHICH I COMPLETELY FORGOT ABOUT.
(chuckles)
DYLAN WAS HOPING TO SEE YOU,
AND, UM, SO WAS I.
HI.
(Gabriel) LLOYD?
LLOYD SIMCOE?
LLOYD? I KNEW IT.
I KNEW IT.
I SAID IT WOULD HAPPEN. I SAW IT
WOULD HAPPEN. I-I KNEW IT.
I BEG YOUR PARDON?
YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
WITH OLIVIA.
SHE'S NOT SUPPOSED TO BE
WITH THE OTHER ONE.
OKAY, GABRIEL, LET'S GO. COME
ON. BACK--BACK TO BED. LET'S GO.
NOT THE OTHER ONE.
I NEED MY SHOES.
REMEMBER? YOUR SHOES DIDN'T FIT.
THAT'S WHY YOUR FEET
WERE BLEEDING.
BUT I LIKED THOSE SHOES.
I KNOW. WE'LL GET YOU SOME MORE
SHOES. WE WILL. LET'S GO.
♪ LLOYD AND OLIVIA
SITTING IN A TREE ♪
YEAH, OKAY.
I'LL EXPLAIN LATER. LET'S GO.
♪ SITTING IN A TREE, TREE ♪
(Lloyd) OKAY.
LET'S GO, GABRIEL. INSIDE.
GABE, WE'RE GONNA DO THIS.
COME ON. LET'S GO.
SO GOOD. SO GOOD THAT
YOU'RE TOGETHER WITH LLOYD NOW.
NO, WE'RE NOT TOGETHER.
IT'S SO GOOD.
YOU KNOW WHAT? WE'RE NOT--
WE'RE NOT TOGETHER, GABE.
WE'RE JUST--YEAH, COMPLICATED.
WE'RE--WE'RE...
YOU'RE THE BEST THING
SINCE SLICED BREAD. YES?
OKAY.
YOU'RE--YOU'RE THE BEST THING
SINCE SLICED BREAD.
IN YOU GO.
(grunts)
CAN I COME IN?
BROUGHT LUNCH. HI, GABRIEL.
WHERE'S THE BEEF?
I GOT IT RIGHT HERE.
GO AHEAD.
SO HOW'S HE DOING?
UH, HE'S BETTER.
GOOD.
WE GOT A LOT OF QUESTIONS,
AND I'M GONNA HAVE TO
BRING HIM INTO THE FBI.
YOU KNOW WHAT? HE HASN'T
FINISHED HIS I.V. ANTIBIOTICS.
HE NEEDS A BRAIN SCAN.
HE'S NOT GOING ANYWHERE
FOR A COUPLE OF DAYS.
WOULD IT BE ALL RIGHT
IF I JUST ASK HIM
A FEW QUESTIONS HERE, THEN?
SURE.
THANK YOU.
HEY, BUDDY.
CAN I ASK YOU A QUESTION?
I FOUND THIS IN YOUR THINGS.
YOU WANNA TELL ME
WHAT THIS IS?
MY BOOK. IT'S ALL THERE.
BUT WHAT IS THIS
A PICTURE OF?
GABRIEL, THIS IS IMPORTANT.
I SAW IT.
I WAS THERE, ON A TRIP.
A FLASH-FORWARD.
OH, NO. OH, NO! OH, NO!
I DON'T LIKE PICKLES!
OKAY, IT'S OKAY.
I-I DON'T LIKE LETTUCE!
I-I HATE ONIONS! I...
I LIKE TOMATOES.
I LIKE--I LIKE TOMATOES.
NOW WHERE ARE WE?
STARTING FROM WHERE
WE FIRST PICK UP
THE VAN CAMPOS' SISTER WAS IN--
6th STREET BRIDGE.
THEN WE HEADED SOUTH.
WE PICKED THEM UP HERE,
AND THEN HERE,
AND THEN THEY HEAD
INTO THIS WEIRD ZONE DOWNTOWN.
EIGHT BLOCKS WIDE.
COVERAGE THEIR IS SKETCHY,
SO WE LOST THEM.
YOU CAN'T GET ME
ANY MORE THAN THAT?
I'M NOT A MAGICIAN.
ANY WAY WE CAN PICK UP THE VAN
COMING OUT OF THAT ZONE?
WELL, THERE ARE
OVER A HUNDRED EXITS.
IT'D TAKE AT LEAST
A DAY AND A HALF
TO GO THROUGH ALL THAT FOOTAGE.
WELL, IT'S ONLY EIGHT BLOCKS.
WE CAN DO A SWEEP IN LESS TIME
THAN WHIZ KID HERE.
MM.
(Simon) YOU FOUND SOMETHING.
JUST FOLLOWING UP ON A TIP.
I'M COMING WITH YOU.
NO, YOU'RE NOT.
YES, I AM.
NO, YOU'RE NOT!
LISTEN TO ME, SIMON.
YOU'RE HERE FOR ONE REASON
AND ONE REASON ONLY--
TO WORK ON THE Q.E.D.
YOUR VOLUNTEERING HERE
IS STARTING TO FEEL
A LITTLE CONVENIENT.
I DON'T TRUST YOU, SIMON.
NOT FOR A MINUTE.
THAT'S YOUR PREROGATIVE.
YOU'RE DAMN RIGHT IT IS,
AND THAT'S NOT GONNA WORK OUT
TOO WELL FOR YOU.
RIGHT NOW I'M GONNA
GO GET YOUR SISTER BACK.
AND AFTER I DO, YOU AND I ARE
GONNA HAVE A LITTLE SIT-DOWN.
(pushes button)
NO MORE LYING.
(typing)
THEY SAID WANT
YOU AND THE RING.
THEY GOT YOUR MESSAGE,
AND THEY'RE SENDING ONE BACK.
YOU HAVE 12 HOURS,
OR THEY'LL KILL ME.
ANNABELLE.
PLEASE, SIMON.
GIVE THEM WHAT THEY WANT.
THANKS FOR COMING BY.
I WANTED TO GO OVER
YOUR LATEST SEROLOGIES WITH YOU.
YOUR TUMOR MARKERS
ARE UNDETECTABLE.
LYMPHOCYTES
ARE BACK TO NORMAL.
WAIT.
DOES THAT MEAN THAT I'M--
EXPERIMENTAL PROTOCOL
SEEMS TO BE WORKING.
YOUR CANCER IS OFFICIALLY
IN REMISSION.
WHAT? WHAT?
WHAT?
WE'VE BEEN OPTIMISTIC
FOR A FEW WEEKS.
I JUST DIDN'T WANT
TO GET YOUR HOPES UP.
I'VE HAD TWO OTHER ONCOLOGISTS
CHECK THOSE RESULTS,
AND IT'S WORKING.
THAT'S INCREDIBLE.
(chuckles)
WELL, WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?
GO ON. GET OUT OF HERE.
THE FUTURE AWAITS.
YEAH.
(laughs)
YOU WANTED TO SEE ME?
OH. YEAH.
UM, WE HAVE A SHIFT
DOWN AT IMMIGRATION TONIGHT
GIVING FLU SHOTS TO DETAINEES.
CAN YOU HELP OUT?
SURE. HAPPY TO.
OKAY, GREAT. JUST TAKE A LOOK
THROUGH THESE FILES
AND SEE WHAT YOU'RE
GETTING YOURSELF INTO.
DON'T WORRY. IT'S ALL BASIC.
NOTHING YOU CAN'T HANDLE. OKAY?
THANK YOU.
(Demetri)
HAVE YOU BEEN WORKING ALL DAY?
SINCE 5:00 IN THE MORNING.
DO YOU KNOW THIS MAN?
SOMEONE TAMPERED
WITH HIS COFFEE.
YEAH. ANDY.
YOU'RE SURE?
YEAH, HE'S A REGULAR.
HE'S HERE EVERY DAY.
SO AM I.
WHEN'S THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW HIM?
UH, YESTERDAY.
HE WAS HERE WITH SOME GUY,
CHATTING AWAY
LIKE THEY WERE OLD PALS.
MADE A BIG DEAL
ABOUT SURVIVING SOMETHING,
HIS WHOLE LIFE
TO LOOK FORWARD TO.
WHAT'D HIS FRIEND LOOK LIKE?
I DON'T KNOW.
TALL, KINDA GEEKY-LOOKING,
WEARING THIS BIG,
UGLY HORSESHOE RING.
(Jeff) LIFE IS ENERGY,
YOU SEE.
AS EACH NEW LIFE BEGINS,
ANOTHER ENDS.
AND IF YOU MESS WITH
THAT BALANCE, THE UNIVERSE...
YOU'RE SURE?
YEAH, I AM.
PUSHES BACK.
"YOU CAN DO WHAT YOU WILL,
"BUT AT ANY GIVEN MOMENT
OF YOUR LIFE,
"YOU CAN WILL
ONLY ONE DEFINITE THING.
NOTHING OTHER THAN THAT THING."
WHAT DO YOU GUYS THINK
THAT MEANS?
THAT FREE WILL IS A LIE?
EXACTLY.
(door creaks)
WHERE'S MR. SLINGERLAND?
I DON'T KNOW. HE WAS HERE,
AND THEN HE JUST LEFT.
ARE YOU AGENT NOH?
HE WANTED ME
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT?
THE UNIVERSE
ALWAYS PUSHES BACK.
YOU MIGHT WANT
TO BE CAREFUL.
WE THINK SOMEONE'S
KILLING THE PEOPLE
THAT LIVED PAST
THEIR DEATH DATES.
SO YOU DON'T WANT ME
TO GO ON TELEVISION
AND ANNOUNCE IT TO THE WORLD?
I'M STILL HERE.
THE UNIVERSE SEEMS TO HAVE
A DIFFERENT PLAN FOR ME.
HE'S TRYING
TO COURSE-CORRECT.
I THINK I KNOW
WHO HE'S GOING AFTER NEXT.
(starts car engine)
CELIA QUINONES,
WELCOME TO YOUR FUTURE.
(tires peal)
(people screaming)
(car alarms blaring)
RUN! CELIA, RUN! RUN!
NOW! CELIA, NOW! RUN!
SOUTH ON GRAND!
HE'S HEADING SOUTH ON GRAND!
FREEZE! FBI!
(gasps, grunts)
(tires screech)
AAH!
UHH!
(woman) OH, MY GOD!
NO! CELIA!
(woman) SOMEONE GET HELP!
SHE JUST RAN IN FRONT OF ME!
I COULDN'T STOP!
SHE'S STILL ALIVE.
E.M.T.s TO GRAND AND 6th.
PRIORITY 3! CODE 1! MOVE!
SHE WAS JUST THERE, DEMETRI.
SHE'S ALL RIGHT. STAY WITH HER!
(gasping)
SHE'S NOT DEAD.
SHE'S ALIVE. YOU FAILED.
NOT YET.
ANYWAY... (exhales deeply)
IT'S NOT ME.
IT'S THE UNIVERSE,
WHICH NEVER FAILS.
(groaning)
IT'S FUNNY.
I WAS SUPPOSED TO HAVE
AN ANEURYSM,
BUT YOU KILLED ME INSTEAD.
GETS DONE EITHER WAY.
SEE YOU SOON... SPORT.
(exhales sharply)
(car alarm chirps)
SIMON.
HERE TO MAKE UP
FOR MY BAD BEHAVIOR.
DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
YOU'VE BEEN UNDER
A LOT OF STRESS LATELY.
I JUST WANTED TO SAY THANKS.
FOR WHAT?
CAMBRIDGE,
THE BREWSCHLAGGER FELLOWSHIP,
FOR GETTING ME INTO N.L.A.P.
I DID IT FOR SELFISH REASONS,
SIMON. YOU MAKE ME LOOK GOOD.
GRACIOUS AS WELL. YOU HELPED
ME OUT AND YOU KNOW IT.
I WOULDN'T BE ANYWHERE
WITHOUT YOU.
(chuckles)
OKAY, WHAT'S GOING ON?
I'M SORRY I DIDN'T TELL YOU
ABOUT ANNABELLE. TRULY, I AM.
I SHOULD'VE MONTHS AGO.
IT'S BEEN EATING AWAY AT ME,
AND I'VE BEEN PRETENDING
I WAS FINE.
I SHOULD HAVE SAID SOMETHING.
WELL, I'M--I'M SORRY
I COULDN'T HELP.
I WOULD HAVE, YOU KNOW.
YEAH, I KNOW YOU WOULD. YOU'RE
THE ONLY REAL FRIEND I HAVE.
(laughs) YOU ARE CLEARLY
IN NEED OF A DRINK. COME ON.
OH, YOU'RE NOT WRONG,
BUT I, UH...
I HAVE TO BE SOMEWHERE.
I'LL SEE YOU, LLOYD.
(siren wailing in distance)
(man speaks indistinctly)
(Bryce) HEY.
HEY! NICOLE.
I'VE BEEN LOOKING ALL OVER
FOR YOU. (chuckles)
WHAT'S THE MATTER?
I, UM...
I, UH...
I HAVE SOMETHING
I HAVE TO TELL YOU.
YEAH. ME, TOO.
OKAY... THEN.
YOU'RE NEVER GONNA
BELIEVE THIS.
MY CANCER IS IN REMISSION.
I KNOW!
OH, MY GOD! BRYCE, THAT'S--
THAT'S AMAZING!
I'M STILL COMPLETELY
IN SHOCK,
AND IT--IT GOT ME THINKING
ABOUT MY FUTURE,
AND I DON'T WANT TO WASTE
ANY MORE TIME.
ARE YOU SURE?
I MEAN, WHAT WE SAW IS--
NO, FORGET WHAT WE SAW.
WE'RE HERE, NOW.
THIS IS ALL THAT MATTERS.
WHAT HAPPENED TO CELIA...
THERE WAS NOTHING
WE COULD DO.
(Al) YOU KNOW, I'VE BEEN
THINKING ABOUT OUR BIRD.
WHAT IF YOU TAPE THE WINDOW?
HOW DO YOU MEAN?
WELL, IF YOU COVER
THE WINDOW,
THE BIRD MIGHT NOT CRASH
INTO IT.
IT'S A NICE THOUGHT.
BUT I THINK IT'LL PROBABLY JUST
CRASH INTO A DIFFERENT WINDOW.
MAYBE.
BUT IT'S WORTH A SHOT.
(clears throat)
(cell phone rings)
(ring)
(inhales sharply)
IT'S THE HOSPITAL CALLING.
HELLO?
(man) Agent Banks?
Agent Fiona Banks?
YES.
I'm calling
about Celia Quinones
and I'm afraid it's bad news.
Her physical and neurological
injuries are extensive,
and I'm not optimistic about
her chance of survival.
(whispers) OH, MY GOD.
(normal voice) YOU'RE GONNA
CALL AGAIN ON THE 29th
TO TELL ME THAT SHE'S GONE.
Ms. Banks, what happened
to Celia was an accident.
THERE ARE NO ACCIDENTS
ANYMORE.
(Wedeck) Mark, we're running out
of time for Campos' sister.
(Mark) I've covered
a 5-block radius. Only 3 to go.
(cell phone beeps)
(siren wailing in distance,
train whistle blowing)
(lock rattles)
WHOA. I'M SORRY.
SPECIAL AGENT BENFORD. FBI.
LOOKS LIKE THEY GOT YOU
WORKING LATE.
YEAH. SOME CLOWN RAN
RIGHT INTO THIS,
NEARLY TOOK OUT
THE ELECTRICAL BOX.
PULLED INTO THAT WAREHOUSE
DRIVING CRAZY.
THAT'S A LOT OF DAMAGE.
EH. IMAGINE WHAT THE VAN
LOOKED LIKE.
IMAGINE.
(dials cell phone)
(beep)
I THINK I FOUND THE VAN.
PUT ME THROUGH TO S.W.A.T.
(guns cock)
(man) OKAY, MOVE!
NOW GO! MOVE.
(man speaks indistinctly)
IT'S OKAY. IT'S OKAY.
YOU'RE SAFE NOW.
I'M HERE.
(ring)
(beep)
YES?
IT'S MARK. WE GOT HER, SIMON.
She's sitting
right next to me.
THANK GOD.
IS SHE ALL RIGHT?
EXHAUSTED, CONFUSED,
BUT PHYSICALLY SHE'S FINE.
CAN I TALK TO HER FOR A SECOND?
I JUST WANNA HEAR HER VOICE.
ALL RIGHT, BUT THEN
YOU AND I NEED TO TALK,
AND YOU NEED
TO TELL ME EVERYTHING.
No more lies, Simon.
FINE. (sighs)
HE WANTS TO TALK TO YOU.
(siren wailing in distance,
helicopter whirring overhead)
SIMON?
BELLE. IS THAT REALLY YOU?
I'M REALLY TIRED, SIMON.
I WANNA GO HOME AND SEE MOM.
I KNOW. I JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE YOU WERE SAFE.
NO MATTER WHAT HAPPENS,
BABY SISTER, REMEMBER...
I LOVE YOU.
I LOVE YOU, TOO.
GOOD-BYE, BELLE.
SIMON.
Good-bye, Mark.
(beep)
(door opens)
HE TOOK THE DAMN RING.
UH, WHAT AM I LOOKING AT?
SO THIS IS GABRIEL McDOW'S
BRAIN. NO BRAIN DAMAGE.
AND HE HAD HUNDREDS
OF FLASH-FORWARDS.
NOW THESE ARE TAKEN FROM PEOPLE
WHO WERE BEING SCANNED
AT THE TIME OF THE BLACKOUT
ON OCTOBER 6th. SAME THING.
NO DAMAGE.
NOTHING. NOTHING UNUSUAL.
SO YOU WEREN'T LYING ABOUT THIS
IN YOUR INTERVIEW.
THANKS. MAKES ME FEEL
A BIT BETTER.
GOOD.
WELL, SO THIS McDOW
IS A SAVANT?
YEAH. HE'S PRETTY
HIGH-FUNCTIONING.
INCREDIBLE MEMORY.
AND HE THINKS
WE SHOULD BE TOGETHER.
UH...
THAT'S WHAT HE SAW
IN HIS FLASH-FORWARDS.
WERE WE HAPPY?
I KNOW HOW I FELT IN MINE.
(knock on door)
I NEED TO TALK TO YOU.
(Olivia) I WAS JUST LEAVING.
THANKS FOR THE SCANS, OLIVIA.
I REALLY APPRECIATE IT.
YEAH, SURE. EXCUSE ME.
SEE YOU LATER.
BYE, MARK. I'LL CALL YOU.
SIMON CAMPOS
HAS DISAPPEARED.
WHAT?
HE'S GONE.
HE CAME TO SEE ME TONIGHT.
IT WAS THE STRANGEST THING.
IT WAS LIKE HE WAS
TRYING TO SAY GOOD-BYE.
THE DAY OF THE BLACKOUT--
ANYTHING ABOUT HIS BEHAVIOR
SEEM... STRANGE?
WELL, I DON'T KNOW.
HE WAS IN TORONTO
AT HIS FATHER'S FUNERAL.
UH...
MY DAD DIED.
MY GOD, SIMON.
WHAT HAPPENED?
THERE WAS AN ACCIDENT.
I HAVE TO GO HOME.
YES, OF COURSE. THEN WE'LL
POSTPONE UNTIL YOU GET BACK.
NO. STICK TO THE PLAN.
BUT THE SYSTEM'S
STILL ON STANDBY.
WHAT DIFFERENCE DOES
A WEEK MAKE? WHAT'S THE RUSH?
NO, WE'VE WORKED TOO LONG,
TOO HARD AT THIS.
WE HAVE TO STAY ON SCHEDULE.
IT HAS TO BE OCTOBER 6th,
11:00 A.M.
NO DELAYS.
YOU KNOW, I NEVER UNDERSTOOD
WHY HE WOULD MISS THAT MOMENT--
I MEAN, AFTER ALL THOSE YEARS
OF WORK,
AND WE COULD'VE CHANGED
THE DATE.
IS SIMON CAMPOS CAPABLE OF
ENGINEERING A GLOBAL BLACKOUT?
HE'S CAPABLE OF ANYTHING.
AND HE ALWAYS HAS A PLAN.
(Zampieron)
ONCE WE REALIZED THAT
HIS INVOLVEMENT IN THE BLACKOUT
WAS DEEPER THAN WE THOUGHT,
I WENT BACK AND I RAN
THIS GAIT ANALYSIS
ON SIMON CAMPOS
AND ON SUSPECT ZERO.
NOT ONLY ARE THEY COMPARABLE
IN HEIGHT, WEIGHT AND AGE,
THEY'RE
A 99th PERCENTILE MATCH
IN SPACIAL-TEMPORAL
AND KINEMATIC CLASSES.
(Wedeck) BUT SUSPECT ZERO
WAS IN DETROIT,
AND WE HAVE MULTIPLE
EYEWITNESSES THAT PUT SIMON
AT HIS FATHER'S FUNERAL
IN TORONTO THE SAME DAY.
I CHECKED INBOUND FLIGHTS
TO AIRPORTS AROUND DETROIT.
ON OCTOBER 6th,
A G4 WITH
CANADIAN TAIL NUMBERS
REQUESTED
AN EMERGENCY MAINTENANCE LANDING
AT WILLOW RUN.
SO THEY WOULDN'T HAVE FILED
A FLIGHT PLAN.
PLANE WAS ON THE GROUND
FOR A COUPLE OF HOURS
THEN RIGHT BACK TO TORONTO.
HE COULD'VE GOTTEN
TO THE STADIUM THEN BACK
TO THE AIRPORT BY THEN.
SHOW ME THAT FOOTAGE AGAIN.
SIMON CAMPOS
IS SUSPECT ZERO.
IF I SHOWED YOU PICTURES,
ANNABELLE,
COULD YOU IDENTIFY
ANY OF THESE GUYS?
WE NEED TO FIND THE MEN
WHO TOOK YOU.
NO. I NEVER SAW ANY FACES.
THEY ALWAYS WORE
THESE WEIRD MASKS.
PLEASE, CAN I GO HOME NOW?
I KNOW YOU'RE TIRED.
JUST ONE MORE QUESTION.
WHAT DID THEY WANT
FROM SIMON?
I TOLD YOU. I DON'T KNOW.
THEY JUST LEFT ME
IN THE VAN.
THEY SAID THEY WERE DONE
WITH ME.
DID YOU OVERHEAR ANYTHING?
ANYTHING AT ALL?
ANNABELLE.
WHAT DID THEY WANT HIM FOR?
I PROMISE YOU.
NOTHING BAD WILL HAPPEN
TO SIMON.
(whispers) THINK REAL HARD.
(normal voice) DID YOU OVERHEAR
ANYTHING? ANYTHING AT ALL?
THEY SAID HE'S GOING TO CAUSE
ANOTHER BLACKOUT.